the resident djs here in Ibiza are like
the lifeblood of the clubbing scene so
we want to get down to the nitty-gritty
and talk to them about what it's really
like to really work the decks here on
the white Isle microphone check 12 12 my
name is moe and how are you
hey you're doing I'm dazzler from Sydney
long way away from home but loving it
nice to meet you how's ur day goin
everybody went as mo funk I hail from
Sydney Australia I don't living it up
here in Ibiza I'm Christine AK KO and
we're gonna be sick yeah I'm from
Chicago place it easier for you good
evening my name is Chris Doris or
Christian Doris but my artists for
production or VJ name is mr. Doris I on
growing Sahara and I'm arresting it
share a pizza and kilometer five hi I'm
Tristan Damon under President do go down
here at Savannah beach club in Ibiza
last year decided to come out would give
it a try turned up without any job laid
in various places around just for free
and up coming down here at Savannah one
day with a friend of mine was playing
resin and turn up so I believed in one
day till the days later they pretty much
offering me the job 2004 was the first
time i came here and i arrived space
closing it's the first time ever and
it's the first party i went to with a
friend that have been before and I was
like I've never seen anything like it I
stood in front of Carl Cox out on the
terrace and just cried this wet wow I
hope I'm over here to write music become
inspired and play music and it's like
the ID place in the road against a like
sum of music to do that i first came
here in 2005 it had been a dream of mine
since I was about 15 when I first
started DJ I think one of the pinnacle
moments for me indie Jane was hearing
deep dish Renaissance and a visa and I
said I have to go there this didn't
didn't happen overnight at all as I've
been coming here as I said 696 really
been trying to DJ and push the DJ think
since 2002 starting off in little bars
playing for free or for drinks or
whatever and yeah just it's basically
your case of just putting muscle anyone
putting yourself out there I've been
just handing CDs to absolutely everyone
shop shopkeepers friends promoters i
came here in 1997 quite a while ago
looking for workers DJ like many people
do and then just found some work working
in a small bar and played in butter and
then she's got to know people more and
more people and then stayed fair and
more work and just stayed ever since
just not gone home now right here in DB
that everyone's about the music and
everyone loves to go out and have fun
and that's what I'm all about so I fell
in love with the place came back for the
second year to do a full summer and you
know I met the right people i impress
the right people with my DJ just took a
lot of a lot of time and effort and you
know skill to get where I'm at it seems
like warm sounds are coming back and
more organic sounds and busy that makes
you feel good and I'm into that I like
something that makes me move and makes
me feel good and put my hands up in the
air and every now then sing along to
something to you know I usually start
off with jackin house then I can flow
into a bit of techno and tribal but I
try to keep it very lively get some soul
in there my whole style is varied like I
mean I love funky music whatever that
they house hip hop funk soul R&B all
that kind of urban music versatility is
really the name of the game it I've got
a real eclectic taste of music so that
really helps me out here across the
board from real walk right down tempo
tempo trip hop through hip-hop meant to
light in a little bit house there were
deep house autism drum and bass it
doesn't matter what style you play where
b tech house or house or deep house
funky house soja be true to your sancho
yourself and just play what makes you
move and then as long as you're moving
then other people should be moving as
well so the venue or is it entertainer
in DJ you got to start offering or so
you know it's a little bit of sort of
thinking outside the box and offering
the patrons a little bit more than what
they expect it
the main the main brand that they use is
pioneer which for me there is for much
no other especially when it comes to see
DJ's and mixes all this like big and
splattered with you have our so you've
got lots of sticky buttons luckily we've
got some of the best equipment or
premium speed better proven that you can
have an industry over the Pioneer on
thousands and the Stingley really it's
built like a tank the sound quality I
always would like to see CDJ 1000 and at
least an 800 mixer DJ
mixer it just makes my life easier I
know what I'm doing the sounds good rock
the crowd
first thing about an aversion to see
anywhere usually involves a lot more
hours and work and just turning up for a
gig in doing like a two-hour set the
morning after for music then there's
only one place in the world abated doing
dance music electronic music that's a
beeper I think the best story about
living in Ibiza musically speaking is it
pushes you to always take that step
further to find what is going to be the
best track I just fell in love with the
place straightaways that the people that
you know here they all love their music
and that's what I want to be surrounded
by every three or four days I'd look out
from the office here behind the decks
and look at the view and kind of
registers once again how incredible this
place is
people come here a week or two weeks to
party and to rock and that's what they
do so I like to be helping people do
that a lot of these people come out on
holidays one time to come down to see
the sunset so you want to really make it
special for them so you've got to put
the effort in wise pursue what you love
and if you love it it now
don't start you mix with a beat start it
with a melody or something else because
no one wants to listen to on a CD and
just hear bang bang bang bang straight
away always good to learn Spanish then
you can feel a whole lot more people
you'll get a lot more jobs I have the
knowledge of music have a bit of
personality we get a lot of people
coming up dropping off promos and mixed
cds and there really such a shy about it
they come up with apologetic me and you
a CD and run off which is not really the
way to go about it my rule number one no
rules